# Meeting Minutes: 
### Date and Time: April 6 @ 9:00 PM 

## Updates: 
- merge request is currently happening so testing team should be able to test everything. 

### Logic Team
- gift card is not done - should be finished tomorrow by noon  

### GUI Team
- bag/pin not matching, need to fix 
- If GUI isn't done tomorrow, will need to move people here 

### Testing Team
- PLU Test complete, Gurleen needs to do a PR and Rafael will merge. 
- test are behind, Delara and Rafael will be working on this tomorrow 

### Documentation Team
- on track to being completed 